Catch out-of-order constant references (#6671)
sorbet/sorbet: website/docs/error-reference.md

For more information, see
[Arrays, Hashes, and Generics in the Standard Library](stdlib-generics.md).

> ## 5027

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 5027

> This error is opt-in, behind the `--check-out-of-order-constant-references`
> flag.
>
> Sorbet does not check this by default because certain codebases make clever
> usage of Ruby's `autoload` mechanism to allow all constants to be referenced
> before their definitions.
```

This error fires when a constant is referenced before it is defined.

```ruby
puts X # error: `X` referenced before it is defined
X = 1
```

```ruby
module Foo
  A = X
    # ^ error: `Foo::X` referenced before it is defined
  class X; end
end
```

> Generally, Sorbet is not opinionated about definition-reference ordering. It
> assumes the presence of an autoloader which makes constants available at runtime
> when they are referenced (assuming they are defined somewhere).
> 
> However, it is helpful in some basic contexts (like class-loading) to catch this
> issue, regardless of the presence of an autoloader. Please note that this error
> will not fire for all cases. There are some conditions which have to be met for
> the error to fire:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generally, Sorbet is not opinionated about definition-reference ordering. It
assumes files are required in the correct order or at the correct times to
ensure that definitions are available before they're referenced.

However, if a constant is defined in a single file, Sorbet can detect when it's
been referenced in that file ahead of its definition (because in the single-file
case, it doesn't matter whether or in what order any require statements
happen). There are some limitations:
```

sorbet does not require an autoloader. rephrasing in terms of require statements.

### Load-time scope must be established definitively

Sorbet has to prove definitively that a given constant is accessed out-of-order

> at load time. It cannot track accesses across function calls or blocks. Meaning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
at load time. It cannot track accesses across function calls or blocks, meaning
```

that the following code, while technically unloadable, will not throw a Sorbet
error.

```ruby
module Foo
  def bar(&blk)
    yield
  end

  bar do
    A = X # this will not report an error
  end

  class X; end
```

### Symbols have to be guaranteed to exist only in one file

In the above example, if `Foo::X` is also declared in another file, the error

> will not fire. In such cases, the constant may get autoloaded, so we cannot
> prove that the behavior is erroneous.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will not fire. In such cases, the other file that defines `X` may get required first, so Sorbet cannot
prove that there will be a problem referencing `X` in this file.
```
